Hi, my name is Alyssa Hope and I'm going to be your instructor for this course.
I'm a software engineer and spend most of my time writing React Apps.
But for a long time,
I was scared of asynchronous code.
I didn't know the whys behind the syntax I was using so I just
minimize the bare minimum and cross my fingers and hope that it would work.
But that's not the right way to go about things,
and asynchronous code is really a chance
for our programmatic thinking to be challenged and shine.
So if you've ever been afraid of asynchronous programming,
you're in the right place.
The goal of this course is to be a practical guide to the principles and syntax of
asynchronous programming to empower you to write even more sophisticated programs.
Without further ado, let's get started.